Updates to the export project script and instructions for MPS (#463)
o3de/o3de-multiplayersample: Documentation/O3DEMPSProjectExportTesting.md

After setting those variables, navigate to that directory, and run the export command verbatim:
```bash
4. Clone the development branch of the O3DE Multiplayer Sample and register the project:<br/><br/>

# On Windows
%O3DE_PATH%\scripts\o3de export-project -es %O3DE_PATH%\scripts\o3de\ExportScripts\export_standalone_monolithic_project_centric.py -pp %O3DE_PROJECT_PATH% -out %OUTPUT_PATH% -cfg release -a zip -nounified -gpfp launch_client.cfg -spfp launch_client.cfg -code -assets -ll INFO -sl %O3DE_PROJECT_PATH%\AssetBundling\SeedLists\BasePopcornFxSeedList.seed -sl %O3DE_PROJECT_PATH%\AssetBundling\SeedLists\GameSeedList.seed -sl %O3DE_PROJECT_PATH%\AssetBundling\SeedLists\VFXSeedList.seed
    **Windows**
    ```commandline
    git clone -b development https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample.git %PROJECT_BASE%\o3de-multiplayersample
    %PROJECT_BASE%\o3de\scripts\o3de.bat register -pp %PROJECT_BASE%\o3de-multiplayersample
    ```
    **Linux**
    ```bash
    git clone -b development https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample.git $PROJECT_BASE/o3de-multiplayersample
    $PROJECT_BASE/o3de/scripts/o3de.sh register -pp $PROJECT_BASE/o3de-multiplayersample
    ```

> # On Linux

Reviewer: I'm not sure how I feel about the removal of these export-project command invocations. I get the intent to consolidate, but the purpose of the readme was for testers to have some way of calibrating the export project feature in o3de engine with the current state of MPS.

Could it be added back somehow, at least as an option for folks that need to test not using `export_mps`?

Author: I'm not sure what you mean by 'removal of these export-project command invocations`. You do not have to use `export_mps`. You can still specify the `export_source_built_project.py` from the engine (by following the READM
E.md there).  The `export_mps` was updated from the original script to use the refactored methods in the export_project.py, and was updated to reflect the possibility of creating a custom export script for this project specifically.

Reviewer: ...oh i see it now, I think I misread what the intent of the revised instructions were. I'll resolve this comment, as there's no issue on my end now.

> Generate the project packages using the projects own `mps_export.py` script in conjunction with the O3DE export command.

Reviewer: name is swapped from the actual script name, `mps_export` -> `export_mps`

> Generate the project packages using the projects own `export_mps.py` script in conjunction with the O3DE export command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generate the project packages using the project's `export_mps.py` script in conjunction with the O3DE export command.
```

>     > Note: The export commands described above will automatically enable the `MPSGameLift` gem when building the package. To opt-out of not enabling Game Lift, remove the `-gl` argument from the above command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > Note: The export commands described above will automatically enable the `MPSGameLift` gem when building the package. To opt-out of enabling GameLift, remove the `-gl` argument from the above command.
```

> 1. To test the MultiPlayer Sample,.first launch the server (You may need to provide admin privilege to enable a connection to AssetProcessor)

Reviewer 2: ```Suggestion
1. Start testing MultiplayerSample by launching the server (You may need to provide admin privilege to enable a connection to AssetProcessor)
```
